Systems that collect physical information from the real world using sensors,
process it digitally, and effect physical changes
are increasingly important in today’s world.
These so-called Cyber-Physical Systems are found everywhere
from electric vehicles to smart cities,
and from smart manufacturing
to precision agriculture.
Model-based design and simulation are often used
to build Cyber-Physical Systems efficiently
but for small- and medium-sized companies,
investing in such technology can be complex and expensive.
Seven Digital Innovation Hubs have joined forces
to create HUBCAP,
a European Union-funded project
which aims to help SMEs use model-based design
to make it easier and more cost-effective to develop Cyber-Physical Systems.
HUBCAP has a €3.2 million fund to help SMEs
experiment and innovate with digital technologies.
The funding is allocated in three levels of open call.
The PULL open calls offer €1,000
to integrate existing models of Cyber-Physical Systems and model-based design tools
into the HUBCAP collaboration platform,
giving you access to our community and new markets.
The EXPERIMENT call offers between €30,000 and €75,000
to help consortia of two SMEs
as they try out and evaluate model-based design tools
and services in a low-risk environment.
And the INNOVATE call provides up to €200,000
to consortia of two or three SMEs to develop new products and services
using model-based methods and tools from the HUBCAP platform.
If you don’t have a consortium,
join the HUBCAP webinars and online matchmaking events to find new partners.
Taking part in the HUBCAP project can help your business
introduce the technology it needs
to develop new and innovative products and services to meet today’s challenges…
and seize the opportunities.